Sister-in-law wants to cross the river and demolish the bridge?
I told you that our Zhao family has no way out
You can't have a good time.
I'm dragging you to death
Damn, this little brat has a big life
It doesn't kill me.
It's really the old man's hand
I hope it's the old man's hand
If not for the strength of this little brat
But it really became the climate
If this kid really settled it himself
Your old man values him more
Now the old guy is very biased
From now on, in his eyes
Don't you look down on your son even more?
It's called day and night defense
Home disaster can't be prevented
I want to fight with Lao Tzu
Don't blame me for not loving the relationship between father and son
Newspaper Army, you are out of the mountain
Master, how is the thing I asked you to do?
I have dealt with the school Zhao family full of 113 people
Nice job, Zhao Laogui
If you didn't have to drag me to death
I won't kill you blind killers in the Zhao family
You are to blame
My other master
The subordinates also found the legendary energy stone